
[00:01] So, Cursor just came out with something new. It's called Grockbot. I got early  access to it, so I've been able to test  it out for a couple of days, and I have  to say, this could be the thing that  finally gets regular people to start  using AI agents because it's not only  really good, but also very intuitive.  Opening up the desktop app, you'll see  that this UI feels very similar to a  messenger app like iMessage. Everything  you do in Grockbot centers around these  bots that you set up. For instance, here  I have one that helps me with my emails,  one that helps me outline my YouTube  videos. This one helps me negotiate  deals. And then I also have one that I  just use for general purposes if it  doesn't fit into one of the other  categories. What's also pretty neat here  is you can start a chat with multiple  bots. You're not limited to just one.  You can see that at the top, for  instance, I have a new chat open here. I  already have two of my bots selected. I  can select even more if I wanted to. And  then all of these bots will work  together on whatever task I give them.  Or if you're already in the middle of a  chat, you can bring another bot into the
[01:01]  conversation just by typing in at and  selecting the bot here. And that will  allow that bot to help with that task.  So you're basically creating these  co-workers that each specialize in a  different area. It's a little bit of a  shift if you're used to using cloud  co-work or chatgbt work where you sort  of think in terms of tasks. Here you  need to start thinking in terms of  roles. Okay, but let's back up now and  I'll show you how to set up Grockbot and  all the things that you can do with the  bots. To get started, download Grockbot  using the link in the description down  below. That will be the desktop app.  There's also an app for the iPhone as  well, which I'll show you in a couple  minutes. Once you download it, over here  on the left, you're not going to have as  many bots that I have. So, to set up  your first one, you want to click on the  plus icon right here where it says new  chat. And then here inside this chat,  you can either select a bot that you've  already created or click right here  where it says create new bot. Now, you  can do this fully by having the AI set
[02:00]  it up for you because all you have to do  is just talk to the bot and it will set  itself up. So here, for instance, it's  asking me, what do I want to use the bot  for? What do I want it to be around for?  And then I'm just going to describe down  here what I'm looking for. So, I'm going  to tell it, hey, I need your help with  planning out a vacation. I want to put  together a couple of different  itineraries to different locations, and  then I want you to find me the best deal  and monitor maybe for a couple of weeks.  Hopefully, the prices can come down for  hotels or airlines. Basically, I want  the best deal possible on an awesome  vacation. So, what I'm doing here is I'm  brain dumping what it is I'm looking  for, and then I'm just sending that  along. And what I've noticed that  Grockbot is really good at is just  figuring things out on its own. I'm not  telling it how to check for deals and  what websites to use or even where I  want to go. It's going to follow up with  questions and then it's just going to
[03:00]  figure it out. So here it's saying where  you leaning a couple of places or vibes  like Europe. I'll start sketching  itineraries from there. So I'll say  Europe. Now I'll select a few of these.  I think Italy sounds good. But I'll  actually tell in the chat I'll say  Italy, Greece, UK, all of those sound  good. And then looking for around  Thanksgiving. So literally all I'm doing  here is answering the questions that  it's giving me. And that's it. Okay. So  the bot has put together a plan based on  all of the answers that I gave it. And  now it's starting to look for some  ballpark fairs to all the locations that  I was interested in. While that's  happening, I want to point out to you  something up here at the top. Up here at  the top, we have the name of the bot,  which right now is just new bot. If I  click on this, this opens up a panel on  the right where I can rename it, give it  a title, and give it a description. You  can either do that manually or you can  just tell the bot in the chat to update  all that. So, I'll just tell it
[04:00]  something like, "Give yourself a clever  name and write a description for  yourself and title because you're going  to help me with travel in the future as  well." All right, Atlas. Very clever  name. I love that. So, it finished that  coming up with this name and  description, and now it's still looking  for the flight information. All right,  so it has identified some travel  itineraries for me, and it says, "Which  ones should I watch?" I'm going to have  it watch all three of them. And it's  going to be able to do that even if my  computer is off and is closed because  each bot gets its own always on computer  with a browser files and loginins so it  can keep working even when you're not  working and when your computer is off.  You can see a good example of that right  here. I'm setting up this new bot called  LinkedIn. He's going to help me do some  research on LinkedIn into different  companies. But in order to do that, he's  saying that I should log into my  LinkedIn account so it can actually use  the browser and navigate around  LinkedIn, find different companies to
[05:01]  reach out to, and actually reach out to  them for me. So, it went to  linkedin.com. I can click right here now  where it says take over to actually  enter in my password and login  information because that's not something  I want to actually give one of my bots.  So, I can click right here where it says  sign in with email. Go ahead and sign  in. And now that I'm signed in, I can  click on the top right here where it  says I'm done. Continue. And then the  bot can take back over. Now, like I said  before, the bots are really good at just  sort of figuring out how to get  something done. In this case, it  determined that the best way to help me  with this LinkedIn research and outreach  is to actually use the browser. But it  does have plugins available. So, if you  click right down here on the bottom left  where it says plugins, you can see all  those plugins here. But honestly, I  wouldn't ever come in here or worry  about this because as you are chatting  with the bots, if it needs access to  something like your Gmail or your Google  Drive or notion, it will just set that  up in the chat for you. So here, if I
[06:03]  tell Lincoln that anytime it does  research for me, I wanted to add it to a  new page in Notion, you'll notice that  it's now prompting me to connect Notion  because I don't yet have it connected.  And it's using the plugin for that. It's  not using the browser because it knows  that that's the most efficient way of  doing it is through the plugin. And I  can click right here where it says  authorize. And that will then open up  Safari on my computer or whatever your  default browser is. I can log into my  notion account and authorize Grockbot to  have access to it. Now, I showed you  before how sometimes a bot will ask you  to take over its computer if you need to  do something like log in. But at any  time, you can see exactly what the bot  is doing on its computer. And you can do  that by clicking on the top right here  on this computer icon. And right here is  the bots screen. You can click on this  and you can see what is happening on  their computer. In this case, the bot is
[07:01]  just on the desktop. It's not doing  anything. But sometimes it might have  Chrome open. It might have the file  manager open or it might have its  terminal open. So you can always see  exactly what it's doing. You can also  teach the bot a task. So if you click on  the top right here where it says teach a  task, it is now recording its own screen  and you can show it step by step how you  want it to go through a certain workflow  or task. Like I'll tell it to open up  Google Chrome, tell it to navigate to a  website, click here, click here, do  that, do that, and it records all of  that and learns it so that it can then  repeat it on its own in the future. So  once you're done, you just click on  stop, and then all of that is  automatically being loaded into it as a  skill for itself. And then anything a  bot does for you can be done on a  schedule. So, in the case of Atlas,  which was the bot that we had set up to  help me find a very good deal on a  flight, I just described to it, hey, I  want you to keep an eye on all the  airlines and different hotels and find
[08:02]  me a good deal. And so, you see over  here on the right underneath routines,  it set that up to run on a schedule. You  can always press on this plus icon to  create a new routine by hand, like  manually doing it. I wouldn't recommend  that though. literally just describe in  the chat what routine you want set up  and then it will do it. You click on the  computer icon on the top right and  underneath the bot screen, you'll see  all the routines that that bot is  running. But honestly, I don't see  myself using Grockbot all that much. And  by that I mean the Grockbot desktop app  because everything you can do with  Grockbot, you can do from your phone  with the app. And I think this is a much  better way to use it. So here inside my  phone, you can see I'm here inside  Grockbot and you can see all the same  chats that are available on the desktop  app. And I can click on the top right  here and create a new bot or create a
[09:01]  new group chat with multiple bots.  Opening up any of the chats, it shows  you everything that we see on the  desktop. And you can even see the bot's  computer and you can take it over from  your phone, which is pretty incredible.  And since the experience is exactly the  same on both devices, I think this is  going to be the modality that I end up  using a lot more. Just open it up, use  the dictation tool to just speak into  it, and just assign all of my bots  different work. Okay, so what do I like  and what do I not like about Grockbot?  I've already said this like four or five  times, so I probably sound like a broken  record, but it is true. Grockbot just  figures things out. You give it a task  and it will accomplish it. It is not  lazy at all like you see with other  models and other tools where it will  work and kind of give up and just say  like, "Oh, I wasn't able to do it." Now,  Grogbot will fight and it really wants  to accomplish whatever task that you  give it. I also really love the UI and
[10:01]  just the way that it's set up, how we  have these agents over here on the side  that really feel like employees. Like if  I want help with sales, I talk to this  bot. If I need help managing my inbox, I  talk to this bot. They all have an  assigned role. So, it feels like you're  building a team of AI agents. We've seen  that with other tools, but those have  been more complicated to set up. This  one is up and running the moment that  you open it up. It is one of the most  intuitive tools I have ever used for  working with AI agents. You can even  just set up one bot that is your chief  of staff and then that bot will delegate  all the tasks out to the other bots. So  you never even have to talk to the other  bots. You can just talk to this one  chief of staff bot. I also love that the  experience on mobile is so good and  works exactly the same as the experience  on desktop, which means that I can
[11:01]  manage all these new employees from  wherever I am as long as I have my phone  with me. But Grockbot isn't perfect.  There are some things that I hope that  they add in the future. So, first of  all, when you are setting up a bot,  you'll notice that there is no way for  you to choose which model is being used.  And that's because behind the scenes,  it's just choosing the best model based  on the task, which I think for most  people and for general consumers, that's  great. But for a lot of people like you  and I, like if you're watching this  video, you probably want to choose which  model is being used. And the fact that  we can't make that choice and that  there's no advanced mode is a little bit  disappointing. I would like to see that  added in the future. I would also love  to see some kind of live mode. This  button only does dictation. There's no  live with the bots, which is a feature I  use quite a lot with other tools. So, I  would really love to see that. I think  it would work so well with Grockbot.
[12:01]  Again, have that one chief of staff just  use voice mode and just start rattling  off all these tasks and it'll start  assigning them to the other bots. That  would be awesome. I'm sure they're  working on that, but I hope it is added  soon. But the biggest problem with  Grockbot is that it's in beta right now  and it's only available if you have  Super Gro Heavy, which costs $300 a  month. But that's as of the recording of  this video. I'm sure in the future it's  going to become available on the cheaper  plans. Hopefully in the very near  future, and once that does happen, I  will update the pin comment down below  to let you guys know. So, unfortunately,  most people, at least as of right now,  aren't going to be able to try out  Grockbot because of the price, but  hopefully that changes soon. So, that's  Grogbot, a very impressive tool. And  once it becomes more affordable, I think  this could finally be the product that  helps regular consumers understand what  agents are and why they are the future  when it comes to using AI. It really
[13:01]  feels like you are creating a team of AI  employees that can help you do your job  or run your business for you. But that's  all I got for this video. If you found  it helpful and want to stay on top of  all the breaking AI news for different  tools like Grockbot, make sure to  subscribe to the channel and I'll see  you in the next video. Bye for now.